{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 Calibri;}}\fs24\pard\qc\b\fs40 Neuro Trader Journal User Manual / Manual de Usuario\b0\fs24\par\pard\qc Version 1.0\par\pard\qc February 24, 2026\par\par\pard\b Table of Contents / Tabla de Contenido\b0\par\pard  \par\par\pard\b Gap Analysis (Missing Topics) / Analisis de Brechas (Temas Faltantes)\b0\par\pard\li360\bullet Growth Plan (Plan de crecimiento)\par\pard\li360\bullet Option Flow Intelligence\par\pard\li360\bullet Back-Study\par\pard\li360\bullet AI Coaching\par\pard\li360\bullet Notebook\par\pard\li360\bullet Rules & Alarms + Reminders (Reglas y alarmas)\par\pard\li360\bullet Messages / Inbox (Centro de mensajes)\par\pard\li360\bullet Imports (Importaciones)\par\pard\li360\bullet Global Ranking (Ranking global)\par\pard\li360\bullet Challenges (Retos)\par\pard\li360\bullet Account & Billing (Cuenta y facturaci\u243?n)\par\pard\li360\bullet Calendar Behavior (Calendario)\par\pard\li360\bullet Mobile App basics (Aplicaci\u243?n m\u243?vil)\par\pard\li0 \par\pard\b 1. Platform Overview / 1. Resumen de la plataforma\b0\par\pard EN: Neuro Trader Journal is an institutional-grade trading journal built to help traders plan, execute, review, and improve with discipline. The platform connects trade data, behavior, and performance into one workflow.\par\pard ES: Neuro Trader Journal es un journal de trading de nivel institucional dise\u241?ado para ayudar al trader a planificar, ejecutar, revisar y mejorar con disciplina. La plataforma conecta datos, comportamiento y desempe\u241?o en un solo flujo.\par\pard\i [Screenshot: Dashboard overview]\i0\par\par\pard\b 2. Getting Started / 2. Primeros pasos\b0\par\pard EN: Create your account, verify email, choose a plan, complete the Growth Plan, then open the Journal and save your first session. Use the Dashboard to review progress.\par\pard ES: Crea tu cuenta, verifica el email, elige un plan, completa el Growth Plan y guarda tu primera sesi\u243?n en el Journal. Usa el Dashboard para revisar progreso.\par\pard\i [Screenshot: Signup + verification flow]\i0\par\par\pard\b 3. Dashboard / 3. Dashboard\b0\par\pard EN: The Dashboard is your daily command center. It shows P&L calendar, quick stats, streaks, account progress, plan progress, and key widgets. Use it to review performance at a glance and decide what to fix today.\par\pard ES: El Dashboard es tu centro de mando diario. Muestra calendario de P&L, estad\u237?sticas r\u225?pidas, rachas, progreso de cuenta y plan, y widgets clave. \u218?salo para revisar el desempe\u241?o y decidir qu\u233? mejorar hoy.\par\pard\i [Screenshot: Dashboard widgets layout]\i0\par\par\pard\b 4. Journal (Daily Session Review) / 4. Journal (Revisi\u243?n diaria)\b0\par\pard EN: The Journal captures your premarket plan, in\u8209?trade notes, and after\u8209?trade analysis. Add entries/exits, attach screenshots, record mindset and rule compliance, then save. Use Sync to align broker data with entries/exits.\par\pard ES: El Journal captura tu plan premarket, notas durante la sesi\u243?n y an\u225?lisis post\u8209?trade. Agrega entradas/salidas, screenshots, mindset y reglas, y guarda. Usa Sync para alinear datos del broker con entradas/salidas.\par\pard\i [Screenshot: Journal session review (Step 1 and Step 2)]\i0\par\par\pard\b 5. Calendar / 5. Calendario\b0\par\pard EN: The calendar shows daily results and session status. Click a date to open that Journal session. Holidays are highlighted. Use month navigation to review history.\par\pard ES: El calendario muestra resultados diarios y el estado de la sesi\u243?n. Haz clic en un d\u237?a para abrir el Journal de esa fecha. Los feriados est\u225?n resaltados. Usa el cambio de mes para revisar el historial.\par\pard\i [Screenshot: Calendar month view]\i0\par\par\pard\b 6. Growth Plan / 6. Growth Plan\b0\par\pard EN: Define long\u8209?term goals, short\u8209?term milestones, risk limits, rules, and execution systems. The plan powers Plan Progress widgets and daily targets. You can reset a plan, while keeping all\u8209?time stats separate.\par\pard ES: Define metas a largo plazo, metas de corto plazo, l\u237?mites de riesgo, reglas y sistema de ejecuci\u243?n. El plan alimenta widgets de progreso y objetivos diarios. Puedes resetear el plan y mantener estad\u237?sticas all\u8209?time.\par\pard\i [Screenshot: Growth Plan setup]\i0\par\par\pard\b 7. Analytics / 7. Anal\u237?tica\b0\par\pard EN: Analytics provides overview charts, statistics, KPI library, risk and time breakdowns, and heatmaps. Use filters to compare date ranges, instruments, and setups.\par\pard ES: Anal\u237?tica incluye charts de overview, estad\u237?sticas, biblioteca de KPIs, m\u233?tricas de riesgo y tiempo, y heatmaps. Usa filtros para comparar rangos, instrumentos y setups.\par\pard\i [Screenshot: Analytics Statistics tab]\i0\par\par\pard\b 8. KPI Library / 8. Biblioteca de KPIs\b0\par\pard EN: This section defines each KPI, formula, interpretation, and required inputs. Use it as the source of truth for performance metrics.\par\pard ES: Esta secci\u243?n define cada KPI, f\u243?rmula, interpretaci\u243?n y datos necesarios. \u218?sala como fuente oficial de m\u233?tricas.\par\pard\i [Screenshot: KPI library]\i0\par\par\pard\b 9. Option Flow Intelligence / 9. Option Flow Intelligence\b0\par\pard EN: Upload CSVs and screenshots to generate institutional\u8209?style flow reports. The engine extracts aggressive flow, levels, and potential squeezes, then creates a trade plan you can send to your Journal.\par\pard ES: Sube CSVs y screenshots para generar reportes de flujo institucional. El motor identifica flujo agresivo, niveles y posibles squeezes, y crea un plan que puedes enviar al Journal.\par\pard\i [Screenshot: Option Flow Intelligence report]\i0\par\par\pard\b 10. Back\u8209?Study / 10. Back\u8209?Study\b0\par\pard EN: Back\u8209?Study visualizes entries and exits on the underlying chart to evaluate timing and execution quality. Use it to learn from high\u8209?quality and low\u8209?quality sessions.\par\pard ES: Back\u8209?Study visualiza entradas y salidas en el chart del subyacente para evaluar timing y calidad de ejecuci\u243?n. \u218?salo para aprender de sesiones buenas y malas.\par\pard\i [Screenshot: Back-Study view]\i0\par\par\pard\b 11. AI Coaching / 11. AI Coaching\b0\par\pard EN: AI Coaching summarizes your performance and behavior by week, month, and year. It compares recent performance to prior periods and highlights what improved or deteriorated.\par\pard ES: AI Coaching resume tu desempe\u241?o y comportamiento por semana, mes y a\u241?o. Compara periodos recientes vs anteriores y se\u241?ala mejoras o deterioros.\par\pard\i [Screenshot: AI Coaching report]\i0\par\par\pard\b 12. Notebook / 12. Notebook\b0\par\pard EN: Notebook stores playbooks, strategies, and notes. Use it as a personal reference and link ideas to your journal sessions.\par\pard ES: Notebook guarda playbooks, estrategias y notas. \u218?salo como referencia personal y conecta ideas con tus sesiones.\par\pard\i [Screenshot: Notebook]\i0\par\par\pard\b 13. Rules, Alarms & Reminders / 13. Reglas, alarmas y recordatorios\b0\par\pard EN: Create discipline rules, reminders, and alarms. Alerts appear in the message center, and can link to open positions or journal entries.\par\pard ES: Crea reglas de disciplina, recordatorios y alarmas. Las alertas aparecen en el centro de mensajes y pueden enlazar posiciones abiertas o el journal.\par\pard\i [Screenshot: Rules & alarms]\i0\par\par\pard\b 14. Message Center / 14. Centro de mensajes\b0\par\pard EN: The inbox consolidates system alerts, reminders, and AI notifications. Use it to quickly act on open positions or pending tasks.\par\pard ES: El inbox consolida alertas, recordatorios y notificaciones de IA. \u218?salo para actuar r\u225?pido sobre posiciones abiertas o tareas pendientes.\par\pard\i [Screenshot: Message center]\i0\par\par\pard\b 15. Imports & Sync / 15. Importaciones y sincronizaci\u243?n\b0\par\pard EN: Upload broker statements to sync trades, commissions, and P&L. Sync merges entries/exits and keeps your journal accurate.\par\pard ES: Sube estados del broker para sincronizar trades, comisiones y P&L. Sync une entradas/salidas y mantiene el journal correcto.\par\pard\i [Screenshot: Import page]\i0\par\par\pard\b 16. Global Ranking & Challenges / 16. Ranking global y retos\b0\par\pard EN: Opt\u8209?in to global ranking using a public display name. Challenges help build discipline and consistency.\par\pard ES: Activa el ranking global con un nombre p\u250?blico. Los retos ayudan a disciplina y consistencia.\par\pard\i [Screenshot: Global ranking]\i0\par\par\pard\b 17. Account & Settings / 17. Cuenta y configuraci\u243?n\b0\par\pard EN: Manage profile, language, theme, subscription, and notification preferences. Billing is handled securely via Stripe.\par\pard ES: Administra perfil, idioma, tema, suscripci\u243?n y notificaciones. La facturaci\u243?n se maneja de forma segura con Stripe.\par\pard\i [Screenshot: Settings page]\i0\par\par\pard\b Appendix A - KPI Library / Apendice A - Biblioteca de KPIs\b0\par\pard Each KPI includes definition, formula, inputs, unit and example.\par\pard Cada KPI incluye definicion, formula, datos, unidad y ejemplo.\par\par\pard\b Profitability & Edge\b0\par\pard\li360 net_pnl: Net P&L / P&L neto. Def: Total realized profit and loss across trades.. Formula: \u931? realized_pnl. Inputs: realized_pnl. Unit: USD (currency). Example: Trades: +100, -50 => net_pnl = 50\par\pard\li360 gross_profit: Gross Profit / Ganancia bruta. Def: Sum of profits from winning trades.. Formula: \u931? max(realized_pnl, 0). Inputs: realized_pnl. Unit: USD (currency). Example: Trades: +100, -50 => gross_profit = 100\par\pard\li360 gross_loss: Gross Loss / P\u233?rdida bruta. Def: Sum of losses from losing trades (negative value).. Formula: \u931? min(realized_pnl, 0). Inputs: realized_pnl. Unit: USD (currency). Example: Trades: +100, -50 => gross_loss = -50\par\pard\li360 roi_percent: ROI % / ROI %. Def: Net return over the period relative to starting equity.. Formula: (equity_last - equity_first) / equity_first. Inputs: equity_curve. Unit: % (percent). Example: Equity 10,000 \u8594? 10,500 => ROI = 5%\par\pard\li360 cagr: CAGR / CAGR. Def: Annualized growth rate based on equity curve.. Formula: (equity_last / equity_first)^(1/years) - 1. Inputs: equity_curve. Unit: % (percent). Example: 10,000 \u8594? 11,000 over 1 year => CAGR = 10%\par\pard\li360 win_rate: Win Rate / Tasa de acierto. Def: Percent of trades with positive P&L.. Formula: wins / total_trades. Inputs: realized_pnl. Unit: % (percent). Example: 2 wins out of 4 trades => 50%\par\pard\li360 loss_rate: Loss Rate / Tasa de p\u233?rdida. Def: Percent of trades with negative P&L.. Formula: losses / total_trades. Inputs: realized_pnl. Unit: % (percent). Example: 2 losses out of 4 trades => 50%\par\pard\li360 avg_win: Average Win / Ganancia promedio. Def: Average P&L of winning trades.. Formula: mean(realized_pnl | pnl > 0). Inputs: realized_pnl. Unit: USD (currency). Example: Wins: 100, 200 => avg_win = 150\par\pard\li360 avg_loss: Average Loss / P\u233?rdida promedio. Def: Average P&L of losing trades (negative).. Formula: mean(realized_pnl | pnl < 0). Inputs: realized_pnl. Unit: USD (currency). Example: Losses: -50, -100 => avg_loss = -75\par\pard\li360 expectancy: Expectancy / Expectativa. Def: Average expected P&L per trade.. Formula: win_rate * avg_win + loss_rate * avg_loss. Inputs: realized_pnl. Unit: USD (currency). Example: Win 50% with +100 avg, loss 50% with -50 => expectancy = 25\par\pard\li360 profit_factor: Profit Factor / Factor de ganancia. Def: Gross profit divided by gross loss (absolute).. Formula: gross_profit / abs(gross_loss). Inputs: realized_pnl. Unit: ratio (float). Example: Gross profit 300, gross loss -100 => profit_factor = 3\par\pard\li360 payoff_ratio: Payoff Ratio / Relaci\u243?n de payoff. Def: Average win divided by average loss (absolute).. Formula: avg_win / abs(avg_loss). Inputs: realized_pnl. Unit: ratio (float). Example: Avg win 120, avg loss -40 => payoff_ratio = 3\par\pard\li360 avg_r_multiple: Avg R-Multiple / R promedio. Def: Average R-multiple per trade.. Formula: mean(realized_pnl / planned_risk). Inputs: realized_pnl, planned_risk. Unit: R (float). Example: P&L 100 with risk 50 => R = 2\par\pard\li360 total_trades: Total Trades / Total de trades. Def: Total number of trades.. Formula: count(trades). Inputs: trade_id. Unit: trades (int). Example: 4 trades => total_trades = 4\par\pard\li360 profit_per_trade: Profit per Trade / Ganancia por trade. Def: Net P&L divided by total trades.. Formula: net_pnl / total_trades. Inputs: realized_pnl. Unit: USD (currency). Example: Net 200 across 4 trades => 50 per trade\par\pard\li0 \par\pard\b Risk & Drawdown\b0\par\pard\li360 max_drawdown_percent: Max Drawdown % / Drawdown m\u225?ximo %. Def: Largest peak-to-trough decline as a percent of peak equity.. Formula: max((peak - trough) / peak). Inputs: equity_curve. Unit: % (percent). Example: Peak 10,000, trough 9,000 => 10%\par\pard\li360 avg_drawdown_percent: Avg Drawdown % / Drawdown promedio %. Def: Average drawdown percentage across the equity curve.. Formula: mean((peak - equity)/peak). Inputs: equity_curve. Unit: % (percent). Example: Drawdowns 2%, 3% => avg = 2.5%\par\pard\li360 drawdown_duration_avg_days: Avg Drawdown Duration (days) / Duraci\u243?n promedio de drawdown (d\u237?as). Def: Average length of drawdown periods.. Formula: mean(days from peak to recovery). Inputs: equity_curve. Unit: days (duration). Example: Drawdowns of 3 and 5 days => avg = 4\par\pard\li360 time_to_recovery_avg_days: Avg Time to Recovery (days) / Tiempo promedio de recuperaci\u243?n (d\u237?as). Def: Average time from trough back to previous peak.. Formula: mean(days from trough to recovery). Inputs: equity_curve. Unit: days (duration). Example: Recoveries of 2 and 4 days => avg = 3\par\pard\li360 recovery_factor: Recovery Factor / Factor de recuperaci\u243?n. Def: Total return divided by max drawdown (absolute).. Formula: total_return / max_drawdown_abs. Inputs: equity_curve. Unit: ratio (float). Example: Return 500, max DD 100 => 5\par\pard\li360 calmar_ratio: Calmar Ratio / Ratio Calmar. Def: CAGR divided by max drawdown (absolute).. Formula: CAGR / max_drawdown_abs. Inputs: equity_curve. Unit: ratio (float). Example: CAGR 20%, max DD 10% => 2\par\pard\li360 ulcer_index: Ulcer Index / \u205?ndice Ulcer. Def: Root mean square of drawdown percentages.. Formula: sqrt(mean(drawdown^2)). Inputs: equity_curve. Unit: % (percent). Example: Drawdowns 1%, 3% => UI \u8776? 2.24%\par\pard\li360 mar_ratio: MAR Ratio / Ratio MAR. Def: CAGR divided by max drawdown (variant of Calmar).. Formula: CAGR / max_drawdown_abs. Inputs: equity_curve. Unit: ratio (float). Example: CAGR 12%, max DD 6% => 2\par\pard\li360 var_95: VaR 95% / VaR 95%. Def: Value at Risk at 95% confidence.. Formula: 5th percentile of returns. Inputs: returns. Unit: % (percent). Example: Returns: -2%, 1%, 3% => VaR95 = -2%\par\pard\li360 cvar_95: CVaR 95% / CVaR 95%. Def: Expected shortfall below the 5th percentile.. Formula: mean(returns | returns <= VaR95). Inputs: returns. Unit: % (percent). Example: Tail returns -3%, -2% => CVaR = -2.5%\par\pard\li360 tail_ratio: Tail Ratio / Ratio de cola. Def: 95th percentile gain divided by 5th percentile loss (abs).. Formula: P95 / abs(P5). Inputs: returns. Unit: ratio (float). Example: P95=2%, P5=-1% => tail_ratio=2\par\pard\li360 risk_of_ruin: Risk of Ruin / Riesgo de ruina. Def: Approximate probability of losing all capital under fixed-risk assumptions.. Formula: (q / (p * b)). Inputs: realized_pnl. Unit: % (percent). Example: p=0.6, b=1.5 => risk_of_ruin \u8776? 44%\par\pard\li0 \par\pard\b Risk-Adjusted\b0\par\pard\li360 sharpe_ratio: Sharpe Ratio / Ratio Sharpe. Def: Risk-adjusted return vs total volatility.. Formula: (mean excess return / std dev) * sqrt(annualization). Inputs: equity_curve. Unit: ratio (float). Example: Mean 0.1%, sd 0.2% => Sharpe \u8776? 0.5\par\pard\li360 sortino_ratio: Sortino Ratio / Ratio Sortino. Def: Risk-adjusted return vs downside volatility only.. Formula: (mean excess return / downside deviation) * sqrt(annualization). Inputs: equity_curve. Unit: ratio (float). Example: Mean 0.1%, downside 0.15% => Sortino \u8776? 0.67\par\pard\li360 treynor_ratio: Treynor Ratio / Ratio Treynor. Def: Excess return per unit of market beta.. Formula: (portfolio_return - rf) / beta. Inputs: equity_curve, benchmark. Unit: ratio (float). Example: Excess 10%, beta 1.2 => Treynor \u8776? 0.083\par\pard\li360 information_ratio: Information Ratio / Ratio de informaci\u243?n. Def: Active return divided by tracking error.. Formula: mean(portfolio - benchmark) / std(active). Inputs: equity_curve, benchmark. Unit: ratio (float). Example: Active mean 0.1%, TE 0.2% => IR = 0.5\par\pard\li360 alpha: Alpha (vs benchmark) / Alpha (vs benchmark). Def: Intercept of return regression vs benchmark (annualized).. Formula: \u945? = mean(rp) - \u946? * mean(rb). Inputs: equity_curve, benchmark. Unit: % (percent). Example: Alpha 0.02% daily => ~5% annualized\par\pard\li360 beta: Beta / Beta. Def: Sensitivity of portfolio returns to benchmark returns.. Formula: cov(rp, rb) / var(rb). Inputs: equity_curve, benchmark. Unit: beta (float). Example: Portfolio moves 1.2x benchmark => beta = 1.2\par\pard\li360 tracking_error: Tracking Error / Tracking error. Def: Volatility of active returns vs benchmark.. Formula: std(portfolio - benchmark). Inputs: equity_curve, benchmark. Unit: % (percent). Example: Active return sd 0.5% => TE = 0.5%\par\pard\li360 omega_ratio: Omega Ratio / Ratio Omega. Def: Ratio of gains above threshold to losses below threshold.. Formula: \u931? max(r - \u952?,0) / \u931? max(\u952? - r,0). Inputs: returns. Unit: ratio (float). Example: Gains 2, losses 1 => omega = 2\par\pard\li360 gain_to_pain_ratio: Gain-to-Pain Ratio / Ratio gain-to-pain. Def: Total gains divided by total losses.. Formula: \u931? gains / abs(\u931? losses). Inputs: returns. Unit: ratio (float). Example: Gains 4%, losses -2% => 2\par\pard\li360 kappa_3_ratio: Kappa-3 Ratio / Ratio Kappa-3. Def: Return over third-order downside risk.. Formula: mean excess / LPM(3)^(1/3). Inputs: returns. Unit: ratio (float). Example: Mean 0.1%, LPM3 0.000001 => Kappa3 ~ 1\par\pard\li0 \par\pard\b Distribution & Trade Stats\b0\par\pard\li360 return_std_dev: Return Std Dev / Desv. est\u225?ndar de retornos. Def: Standard deviation of trade returns.. Formula: std(returns). Inputs: trade_returns. Unit: % (percent). Example: Returns 1%, -1% => std = 1%\par\pard\li360 skewness: Skewness / Asimetr\u237?a. Def: Asymmetry of return distribution.. Formula: E[(r-\u956?)^3]/\u963?^3. Inputs: trade_returns. Unit: skew (float). Example: Positive skew > 0\par\pard\li360 kurtosis: Kurtosis / Curtosis. Def: Tail heaviness of return distribution (excess).. Formula: E[(r-\u956?)^4]/\u963?^4 - 3. Inputs: trade_returns. Unit: kurtosis (float). Example: Normal distribution => ~0\par\pard\li360 sqn_system_quality_number: SQN (System Quality Number) / SQN (N\u250?mero de calidad del sistema). Def: Quality score based on R-multiples.. Formula: sqrt(n) * mean(R) / std(R). Inputs: planned_risk. Unit: score (float). Example: n=10, meanR=0.5, sdR=0.5 => SQN=3.16\par\pard\li360 avg_trade_duration_minutes: Avg Trade Duration (min) / Duraci\u243?n promedio de trade (min). Def: Average time in trade.. Formula: mean(exit_time - entry_time). Inputs: entry_time, exit_time. Unit: minutes (duration). Example: Trades 30m and 60m => avg 45m\par\pard\li360 median_trade_return: Median Trade Return / Retorno mediano por trade. Def: Median of trade returns.. Formula: median(returns). Inputs: trade_returns. Unit: % (percent). Example: Returns 1%, 3%, -1% => median 1%\par\pard\li360 best_trade_pnl: Best Trade P&L / Mejor P&L de trade. Def: Maximum realized P&L.. Formula: max(realized_pnl). Inputs: realized_pnl. Unit: USD (currency). Example: Best trade +200 => 200\par\pard\li360 worst_trade_pnl: Worst Trade P&L / Peor P&L de trade. Def: Minimum realized P&L.. Formula: min(realized_pnl). Inputs: realized_pnl. Unit: USD (currency). Example: Worst trade -150 => -150\par\pard\li360 max_consecutive_wins: Max Consecutive Wins / M\u225?ximas ganancias consecutivas. Def: Longest win streak.. Formula: max consecutive pnl > 0. Inputs: realized_pnl. Unit: trades (int). Example: Win, Win, Loss => 2\par\pard\li360 max_consecutive_losses: Max Consecutive Losses / M\u225?ximas p\u233?rdidas consecutivas. Def: Longest loss streak.. Formula: max consecutive pnl < 0. Inputs: realized_pnl. Unit: trades (int). Example: Loss, Loss, Win => 2\par\pard\li0 \par\pard\b Execution & Costs\b0\par\pard\li360 avg_slippage: Avg Slippage / Slippage promedio. Def: Average slippage vs arrival/decision price.. Formula: mean((exec_price - arrival_price) * direction * qty). Inputs: arrival_price, fills/entry_price, quantity. Unit: USD (currency). Example: Arrive 100, exec 100.1, qty 10 => +1\par\pard\li360 implementation_shortfall: Implementation Shortfall / Implementation shortfall. Def: Performance shortfall vs decision price (cost).. Formula: (exec_price - arrival_price) * direction * qty + fees. Inputs: arrival_price, fees_commissions, fills/entry_price. Unit: USD (currency). Example: Slippage 5 + fees 1 => 6\par\pard\li360 vwap_slippage: VWAP Slippage / Slippage vs VWAP. Def: Execution price vs VWAP benchmark.. Formula: (exec_price - vwap) * direction * qty. Inputs: vwap, fills/entry_price. Unit: USD (currency). Example: Exec 100.2, VWAP 100, qty 10 => +2\par\pard\li360 twap_slippage: TWAP Slippage / Slippage vs TWAP. Def: Execution price vs TWAP benchmark.. Formula: (exec_price - twap) * direction * qty. Inputs: twap, fills/entry_price. Unit: USD (currency). Example: Exec 100.2, TWAP 100.1 => +1\par\pard\li360 fill_rate: Fill Rate / Tasa de fill. Def: Filled quantity divided by intended quantity.. Formula: filled_qty / intended_qty. Inputs: intended_qty, fills/quantity. Unit: % (percent). Example: Filled 80 of 100 => 80%\par\pard\li360 spread_paid_avg: Avg Spread Paid / Spread promedio pagado. Def: Average spread paid in basis points.. Formula: mean(spread_bps). Inputs: spread_bps. Unit: bps (float). Example: Spreads 2, 4 => avg 3 bps\par\pard\li360 commission_per_trade_avg: Commission per Trade / Comisi\u243?n por trade. Def: Average fees and commissions per trade.. Formula: mean(fees_commissions). Inputs: fees_commissions. Unit: USD (currency). Example: Fees 1, 2 => avg 1.5\par\pard\li360 execution_latency_avg_ms: Execution Latency (ms) / Latencia de ejecuci\u243?n (ms). Def: Average time from signal to first fill.. Formula: mean(first_fill_time - signal_time). Inputs: signal_time, fills. Unit: ms (duration). Example: Signal 10:00:00, fill 10:00:05 => 5000 ms\par\pard\li0 \par\pard\b Exposure & MAE/MFE\b0\par\pard\li360 equity_at_risk_avg_percent: Equity at Risk Avg % / Equity en riesgo promedio %. Def: Average planned risk as a percent of equity.. Formula: mean(planned_risk / equity_at_entry). Inputs: planned_risk, equity_curve. Unit: % (percent). Example: Risk 100 on equity 10,000 => 1%\par\pard\li360 gross_exposure_avg_percent: Gross Exposure Avg % / Exposici\u243?n bruta promedio %. Def: Average notional exposure as percent of equity.. Formula: mean(notional / equity_at_entry). Inputs: entry_price, quantity, equity_curve. Unit: % (percent). Example: Notional 20,000 on equity 100,000 => 20%\par\pard\li360 concentration_hhi: Concentration HHI / Concentraci\u243?n HHI. Def: Herfindahl index of notional concentration by symbol.. Formula: \u931? (symbol_notional / total_notional)^2. Inputs: symbol, entry_price, quantity. Unit: index (float). Example: Two symbols 50/50 => HHI = 0.5\par\pard\li360 mae_avg: MAE Avg / MAE promedio. Def: Average Maximum Adverse Excursion.. Formula: mean(mae). Inputs: mae. Unit: USD (currency). Example: MAE -30, -20 => avg -25\par\pard\li360 mfe_avg: MFE Avg / MFE promedio. Def: Average Maximum Favorable Excursion.. Formula: mean(mfe). Inputs: mfe. Unit: USD (currency). Example: MFE 50, 80 => avg 65\par\pard\li0 \par}